docs(reference): functions lifecycle - MTA-1899 (#546)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/functions/reference-content/functions-lifecycle.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Functions lifecycle
  description: This section contains information regarding the lifecycle of Serverless Functions.
content:
  h1: Functions lifecycle
  paragraph: This section contains information regarding the lifecycle of Serverless Functions.
dates:
  validation: 2022-04-13
  posted: 2022-04-13
---

> The Serverless Functions Runtimes are the environment in which your code runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Serverless Functions runtimes are the environment in which your code runs.
```

We currently support three languages:
* NodeJs
* Python 
* Go

## Runtime lifecycle

> New runtimes are added depending on users' demand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New runtimes are added periodically, based on user demand.
```

| Status               | Description                                                                                                                        |
|----------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Beta                 | The runtime has just been released, users can test it and provide feedback, but it is not yet suitable for production environment. |

> | General Availability | The Runtime is available to be used in a production environment.                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| General Availability | The runtime is available to be used in a production environment.                                                                   |
```

> When runtimes are not supported anymore, they get through different phases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When runtimes are no longer supported, they pass through different phases:
```

| Status               | Description                                                                                                                                                                            |
|----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Deprecated           | The runtime is still available, but a warning announcing the end of service will be displayed when a new function is created.                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Deprecated           | The runtime is still available, but a warning announcing the upcoming End Of Service displays when a new function is created.                                                          |
```
